---
layout: post
title: LIT 2021
---

- [https://ctftime.org/event/1398](https://ctftime.org/event/1398)
- Jul 16 to Jul 18
- Played with wackers
- Ranking: 142/476 with 1875 points

# My Solves/Writeups

## Misc

| Challenge Name | Difficulty | Points | Writeup |
|---|---|---|---|
| misc/Intro-to-CTF | Easy | I forgor | [jump](#miscintro-to-ctf) |
| misc/Discord-Flag | Easy | I forgor | [jump](#miscdiscord-flag) |
| misc/Hex-to-ASCII | Easy | I forgor | [jump](#mischex-to-ascii) |
| misc/Dots-and-Lines | Easy | I forgor | [jump](#miscdots-and-lines) |
| misc/Never-Gonna-Give-You-Up | Easy | I forgor | [jump](#miscnever-gonna-give-you-up) |
| misc/CodeTiger-ORZ | Medium | I forgor | [jump](#misccodetiger-orz) |

## Web

| Challenge Name | Difficulty | Points | Writeup |
|---|---|---|---|
| web/NRC | Easy | 107 | [jump](#webnrc) |

## Writeups
### misc/Intro-to-CTF

Welcome to your first CTF Challenge! For this problem, you simply need to read the CTF Resource page and find the flag :D.
Resource Page: https://lit.lhsmathcs.org/ctfres

### Solution

Just read the resource page, or not if you just want the flag.
Flag is at the bottom of the page.

Flag: ```flag{h3ll0_w0r1d_y0ur_f1r5t_ctf}```

### misc/discord-flag

Go to our discord server https://discord.gg/k6yzFdZ for the flag~ We post the latest information and updates there so it's very important.

### Solution

Join the discord server and the flag is in the announcements channel.

Flag: ```flag{L1T_d1sc0rd_0rz}```

### misc/Hex-to-ASCII

You received a mysterious hexadecimal number, maybe you should try converting it to ASCII!
```666c61677b77346273317465355f346e645f7430306c355f3472335f793075725f673030645f667231336e64357d```

### Solution

Just search up Hex To ascii on your web browser and input the encoded message to get the flag.

Flag: ```flag{w4bs1te5_4nd_t00l5_4r3_y0ur_g00d_fr13nd5}```

### misc/Dots-and-Lines

Ye old way of delivering messages, might want to slow it down to catch everything… Note: set the spaces as is, do not replace spaces with underscores 

Attachment: https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1qP_8qp2gviDJ5HKRWKDdV54V8tPP0LrG

### Solution

Search up Audio Morse Code Decoder and use the first one that shows up https://morsecode.world/international/decoder/audio-decoder-adaptive.html.

Upload the file into it and get the decoded message which we can format into our flag.

Flag: ```flag{M0RSEC0DEISC00L}```

### misc/Never-Gonna-Give-You-Up

They gave a gif and nothing else.

### Solution

Download that gif by right clicking and pressing save as, or however you would download an image off of your web browser.

Check different things around the gif with forensics skills like running file to see what file type etc.

The most suspicious thing though is when you run binwalk, because it shows that the gif is also a zip archive.

Knowing that, unzip the image and a flag file comes out.

Flag: ```flag{y0u_g0t_r1ck_r0lled_h4h4_g3t_r3kt}```

### misc/CodeTiger-ORZ

CodeTiger ORZ ORZ ORZ

Attachments: https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1nId2n0A2oEnbOfR3F1ySakcSi7qNMFd4

### Solution

They give you a video file so the first thing you do is actually watch the video to see if theres anything weird.

If you watch carefully, a small text pops up for like 0.1 secs on the screen, which is most probably our flag.

Now you can try to be insane and catch the flag at the exact time but an easier way to do this challenge is to use a video cutter.

The video frame cutter I used: https://online-video-cutter.com/

Upload the file to the site and trim the video to where the green text appears.

It might be light if you stop it a little too early but it's better than nothing.

That's our flag!!

Flag: ```flag{c0detiger_0rz}```

### web/NRC

Find the flag :)

Attachments: [https://no-right-click.hsc.tf](https://no-right-click.hsc.tf)

### Solution
Press Ctrl + Shift + I to open the developer console

Go to sources, then go to the CSS file

Look in the comments :)

Flag: ```flag{keyboard_shortcuts_or_taskbar}```
